Let's keep our models simple for now.
So basically, what we did so
far, we flatten our image and
then we had those 256 neurons.
And how can we get the results?
Well, we need to add output layer,
which can be dense as well.
And let's see, since we have 10 digits,
the one we're trying to recognize, we
can say that we want to have 10 neurons,
and activation function for them.
So basically, what I'm doing right now,
I'm saying that all my 256
neurons from the previous layer
should be connected to all 10 units or
10 neurons in my last layer.
And each of those 10 neurons should print
out something, so activation function for
them can be Softmax for instance, yeah.
So softmax, it's kinda similar to sigmoid,
so it gives you the distribution,
10 numbers between zero and one.
But if you have multiple units in
the last layer, what softmax is doing,
it's simply normalise all the outputs
of those 10 units to one.
So let me probably just repeat it
once again through the diagram.
So if you have sigmoid,
we can get any numbers between zero and
one, right?
So that's the distribution of outputs.
So sigmoid output will be
somewhere between zero and one.
With the softmax,
it's also between zero and one.
But if you have several units like this,
it will guarantee that the sum of all
of those outputs will be equal to one.
Why it is useful?
Well, if we normalize that to one,
it means that now we can look
at the outputs from those
neurons as probabilities
of having digits zero,
one, two, three, and so
on and so forth, till nine.
And basically, that's can be considered
almost like your one hot encoding.
So where we have the maximum signal,
so for instance,
let's say we were providing zero
handwritten digits to our model.
And in this case,
probably when the model will be trained,
we'll get something like 0.99 probability.
Well, no, it's not percentage, it's
just the value, but in percentage shift
will means 99%, right,
that we are looking at Digit zero.
And others will have something really,
really, really, really small.
But some of those all really,
really small probabilities will end up,
okay, the sum will be equal to 1.
So that's what softmaxes do.